DOC-2354: Add TINY-10797 release note entry (#3196)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.0.1-release-notes.adoc

[[bug-fixes]]
== Bug fixes

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Tooltips unintended shrinking and incorrectly positioned when shown in horizontally scrollable container.
// #TINY-10797

> Previously in {productname}, the toolbar tooltips within the editor were positioned absolutely. This caused tooltips to shrink and become misplaced when the editor was placed inside a container with horizontal scrolling.

Reviewer: Should we update this to specify `absolute` rather than absolutely?

```suggestion
Previously in {productname}, toolbar tooltips within the editor were positioned `absolute`. This caused tooltips to shrink and become misplaced when the editor was placed inside a container with horizontal scrolling.
```

> To resolve this issue, the tooltip element is now styled with a "max-content" width. As a result, the tooltips within the editor toolbar will display with the intended size and remain anchored to the corresponding button regardless of the presence of horizontal scrolling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this issue, the tooltip element is now styled with a "max-content" width. As a result, tooltips within the editors toolbar will display as intended and remain anchored to the corresponding button regardless of the presence of horizontal scrolling.
```
